Documentation: Improve notes about vanilla Npgsql driver (#58)
crate/crate-npgsql: docs/connect.rst

Connect to CrateDB using the :ref:`CrateDB Npgsql Plugin <index>`.

> .. NOTE::
> 
>     Please note that this driver is not recommended with recent releases of
>     CrateDB >= 4.2, which works fine with the vanilla Npgsql driver. See
>     also :ref:`index`.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAUTION::

    For CrateDB versions 4.2 and above, we recommend that you use the `stock
    Npgsql driver` instead of this one.

    This software is a legacy plugin for older versions of CrateDB that lacked
    full compatibility with Npgsql.

```

you will then need to add this to the bottom of the file:

```
.. _stock Npgsql driver: https://www.npgsql.org/
```
